README.md, before:

Tweet Finder
============

A small Python library for finding Tweets embedded in online news articles, and mentions of Tweets.

Quickstart
----------

Install with pip: `pip install tweetfinder`.

```python
from tweetfinder import Article
my_article = Article(url="http://my.news/article")  # this will load and parse the article

# you can list discover all the tweets that are embedded in the HTML 
num_embedded = my_article.count_embedded_tweets()
tweets_embedded = my_article.list_embedded_tweets() # metadata about tweets that are embedded

# you can also discover any mentions of twitter (in English), like "tweeted that" or "in a retweet"
num_mentions = my_article.count_mentioned_tweets()
tweet_mentions = my_article.list_mentioned_tweets()  # list of text snippets that mention a tweet 
```


API
---

TODO


Development
-----------

If you want to work on this module, clone the repo and install dependencies: `make requirements-dev`.

## Distribution

1. Run `make test` to make sure all the test pass
2. Update the version number in `tweetfinder/__init__.py`
3. Make a brief note in the version history section below about the changes
4. Run `make build-release` to create an install package
5. Run `make release-test` to upload it to PyPI's test platform
6. Run `make release` to upload it to PyPI


Version History
---------------

* __v0.1.0__: initial release for testing


Authors
-------

 * Rahul Bhargava
 * Dina Zemlyanker

Commit message:

data-based summary of initial findings

README.md, after:

Tweet Finder
============

A small Python library for finding Tweets embedded in online news articles, and mentions of Tweets. We wrote this
because we suspected our current research approaches were severely undercounting the number of Tweets embedded in news
stories. Our intial evaluation confirms this:
 * out of 1000 stories that mentioned twitter, our library found 640 embedded tweets
 * Goose found 518 in the same set of stories (missing about 20%)
 * if you add in support for processing Javascript-based embeds, we found 859 (35% more)
These to-be-published results confirm our suspicion - most large quantitative news projects are undercounting 
embedded Tweets by around 35%.


Quickstart
----------

Install with pip: `pip install tweetfinder`.

```python
from tweetfinder import Article
my_article = Article(url="http://my.news/article")  # this will load and parse the article

# you can list discover all the tweets that are embedded in the HTML 
num_embedded = my_article.count_embedded_tweets()
tweets_embedded = my_article.list_embedded_tweets() # metadata about tweets that are embedded

# you can also discover any mentions of twitter (in English), like "tweeted that" or "in a retweet"
num_mentions = my_article.count_mentioned_tweets()
tweet_mentions = my_article.list_mentioned_tweets()  # list of text snippets that mention a tweet 
```


API
---

TODO


Development
-----------

If you want to work on this module, clone the repo and install dependencies: `make requirements-dev`.

## Distribution

1. Run `make test` to make sure all the test pass
2. Update the version number in `tweetfinder/__init__.py`
3. Make a brief note in the version history section below about the changes
4. Run `make build-release` to create an install package
5. Run `make release-test` to upload it to PyPI's test platform
6. Run `make release` to upload it to PyPI


Version History
---------------

* __v0.1.0__: initial release for testing


Authors
-------

 * Rahul Bhargava
 * Dina Zemlyanker
